code/name/score/octave/util/ArtistSignatureUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.ArtistSignatureUtil
code/name/score/octave/service/MusicService.java
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$1
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$2
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$3
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$4
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$5
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$6
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$7
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$8
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$9
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$9$1
 code.name.score.octave.service.MusicService$MusicBinder
code/name/score/octave/util/FileUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.FileUtil
code/name/score/octave/network/model/LastFmArtist.java
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmArtist
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist$Bio
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist$Image
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist$Stats
code/name/score/octave/helper/StackBlur.java
 code.name.score.octave.helper.StackBlur
 code.name.score.octave.helper.StackBlur$BlurTask
code/name/score/octave/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCover.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCover
code/name/score/octave/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCoverFetcher.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverFetcher
code/name/score/octave/db/LyricsDao_Impl.java
 code.name.score.octave.db.LyricsDao_Impl
 code.name.score.octave.db.LyricsDao_Impl$1
 code.name.score.octave.db.LyricsDao_Impl$2
 code.name.score.octave.db.LyricsDao_Impl$3
code/name/score/octave/repository/SortedCursor.java
 code.name.score.octave.repository.SortedCursor
code/name/score/octave/views/VerticalTextView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.VerticalTextView
code/name/score/octave/misc/DialogAsyncTask.java
 code.name.score.octave.misc.DialogAsyncTask
code/name/score/octave/util/SwipeAndDragHelper.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.SwipeAndDragHelper
 code.name.score.octave.util.SwipeAndDragHelper$ActionCompletionContract
code/name/score/octave/glide/ProfileBannerGlideRequest.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ProfileBannerGlideRequest
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ProfileBannerGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ProfileBannerGlideRequest$Builder
code/name/score/octave/activities/LicenseActivity.java
 code.name.score.octave.activities.LicenseActivity
code/name/score/octave/util/ImageUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.ImageUtil
code/name/score/octave/lyrics/LrcView.java
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView$1
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView$2
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView$3
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView$4
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView$5
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcView$OnPlayClickListener
code/name/score/octave/lyrics/LrcUtils.java
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcUtils
code/name/score/octave/glide/AlbumGlideRequest.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.AlbumGlideRequest
 code.name.score.octave.glide.AlbumGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.AlbumGlideRequest$Builder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.AlbumGlideRequest$PaletteBuilder
code/name/score/octave/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCoverLoader.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverLoader
 code.name.score.octave.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverLoader$Factory
code/name/score/octave/repository/SortedLongCursor.java
 code.name.score.octave.repository.SortedLongCursor
code/name/score/octave/views/StatusBarView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.StatusBarView
code/name/score/octave/views/StatusBarMarginFrameLayout.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.StatusBarMarginFrameLayout
code/name/score/octave/db/HistoryDao_Impl.java
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl$1
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl$2
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl$3
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl$4
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl$5
 code.name.score.octave.db.HistoryDao_Impl$6
code/name/score/octave/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteTarget.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteTarget
code/name/score/octave/util/ColorUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.ColorUtil
 code.name.score.octave.util.ColorUtil$SwatchComparator
code/name/score/octave/network/model/LastFmTrack.java
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Album
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Album$Attr
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Album$Image
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Artist
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Toptags
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Toptags$Tag
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Wiki
code/name/score/octave/RetroBottomSheetBehavior.java
 code.name.score.octave.RetroBottomSheetBehavior
code/name/score/octave/views/ContributorsView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.ContributorsView
code/name/score/octave/fragments/folder/FoldersFragment.java
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$1
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$AsyncFileLoader
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListPathsAsyncTask
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListPathsAsyncTask$LoadingInfo
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListPathsAsyncTask$OnPathsListedCallback
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListSongsAsyncTask
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListSongsAsyncTask$LoadingInfo
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListSongsAsyncTask$OnSongsListedCallback
 code.name.score.octave.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListingFilesDialogAsyncTask
code/name/score/octave/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteResource.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteResource
code/name/score/octave/network/model/LastFmAlbum.java
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmAlbum
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Image
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Tag
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Tags
 code.name.score.octave.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Wiki
code/name/score/octave/util/BitmapEditor.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.BitmapEditor
code/name/score/octave/providers/HistoryStore.java
 code.name.score.octave.providers.HistoryStore
 code.name.score.octave.providers.HistoryStore$RecentStoreColumns
code/name/score/octave/db/BlackListStoreDao_Impl.java
 code.name.score.octave.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl
 code.name.score.octave.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$1
 code.name.score.octave.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$2
 code.name.score.octave.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$3
 code.name.score.octave.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$4
 code.name.score.octave.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$5
code/name/score/octave/views/PopupBackground.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.PopupBackground
code/name/score/octave/glide/ArtistGlideRequest.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ArtistGlideRequest
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ArtistGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ArtistGlideRequest$Builder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.ArtistGlideRequest$PaletteBuilder
code/name/score/octave/util/NavigationUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.NavigationUtil
code/name/score/octave/util/color/ImageUtils.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.ImageUtils
code/name/score/octave/util/RippleUtils.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.RippleUtils
code/name/score/octave/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteTranscoder.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteTranscoder
code/name/score/octave/lyrics/LrcHelper.java
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcHelper
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcHelper$1
code/name/score/octave/lyrics/Lrc.java
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.Lrc
code/name/score/octave/misc/UpdateToastMediaScannerCompletionListener.java
 code.name.score.octave.misc.UpdateToastMediaScannerCompletionListener
code/name/score/octave/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteWrapper.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteWrapper
code/name/score/octave/adapter/CategoryInfoAdapter.java
 code.name.score.octave.adapter.CategoryInfoAdapter
 code.name.score.octave.adapter.CategoryInfoAdapter$ViewHolder
code/name/score/octave/util/SAFUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.SAFUtil
code/name/score/octave/util/Compressor.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.Compressor
code/name/score/octave/views/BreadCrumbLayout.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.BreadCrumbLayout
 code.name.score.octave.views.BreadCrumbLayout$Crumb
 code.name.score.octave.views.BreadCrumbLayout$Crumb$1
 code.name.score.octave.views.BreadCrumbLayout$SavedStateWrapper
 code.name.score.octave.views.BreadCrumbLayout$SavedStateWrapper$1
 code.name.score.octave.views.BreadCrumbLayout$SelectionCallback
code/name/score/octave/util/TempUtils.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.TempUtils
code/name/score/octave/views/DrawableGradient.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.DrawableGradient
code/name/score/octave/model/lyrics/Lyrics.java
 code.name.score.octave.model.lyrics.Lyrics
code/name/score/octave/dialogs/BlacklistFolderChooserDialog.java
 code.name.score.octave.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog
 code.name.score.octave.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog$1
 code.name.score.octave.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog$FolderCallback
 code.name.score.octave.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog$FolderSorter
code/name/score/octave/misc/GenericFileProvider.java
 code.name.score.octave.misc.GenericFileProvider
code/name/score/octave/db/RetroDatabase_Impl.java
 code.name.score.octave.db.RetroDatabase_Impl
 code.name.score.octave.db.RetroDatabase_Impl$1
code/name/score/octave/adapter/base/AbsMultiSelectAdapter.java
 code.name.score.octave.adapter.base.AbsMultiSelectAdapter
code/name/score/octave/LanguageContextWrapper.java
 code.name.score.octave.LanguageContextWrapper
code/name/score/octave/lyrics/LrcEntry.java
 code.name.score.octave.lyrics.LrcEntry
code/name/score/octave/views/HeightFitSquareLayout.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.HeightFitSquareLayout
code/name/score/octave/providers/BlacklistStore.java
 code.name.score.octave.providers.BlacklistStore
 code.name.score.octave.providers.BlacklistStore$BlacklistStoreColumns
code/name/score/octave/activities/saf/SAFGuideActivity.java
 code.name.score.octave.activities.saf.SAFGuideActivity
code/name/score/octave/model/lyrics/SynchronizedLyricsLRC.java
 code.name.score.octave.model.lyrics.SynchronizedLyricsLRC
code/name/score/octave/util/color/NotificationColorUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.NotificationColorUtil
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.NotificationColorUtil$ColorUtilsFromCompat
code/name/score/octave/BuildConfig.java
 code.name.score.octave.BuildConfig
code/name/score/octave/util/RetroColorUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.RetroColorUtil
 code.name.score.octave.util.RetroColorUtil$SwatchComparator
code/name/score/octave/views/CircularImageView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.CircularImageView
code/name/score/octave/glide/SongGlideRequest.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.SongGlideRequest
 code.name.score.octave.glide.SongGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.SongGlideRequest$Builder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.SongGlideRequest$PaletteBuilder
code/name/score/octave/views/NetworkImageView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.NetworkImageView
code/name/score/octave/volume/AudioVolumeContentObserver.java
 code.name.score.octave.volume.AudioVolumeContentObserver
code/name/score/octave/util/AutoGeneratedPlaylistBitmap.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.AutoGeneratedPlaylistBitmap
code/name/score/octave/util/color/MediaNotificationProcessor.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$1
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$2
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$2$1
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$3
 code.name.score.octave.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$OnPaletteLoadedListener
code/name/score/octave/views/LollipopFixedWebView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.LollipopFixedWebView
code/name/score/octave/views/ScrollingViewOnApplyWindowInsetsListener.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.ScrollingViewOnApplyWindowInsetsListener
code/name/score/octave/service/MultiPlayer.java
 code.name.score.octave.service.MultiPlayer
code/name/score/octave/activities/tageditor/WriteTagsAsyncTask.java
 code.name.score.octave.activities.tageditor.WriteTagsAsyncTask
code/name/score/octave/providers/SongPlayCountStore.java
 code.name.score.octave.providers.SongPlayCountStore
 code.name.score.octave.providers.SongPlayCountStore$SongPlayCountColumns
code/name/score/octave/helper/M3UConstants.java
 code.name.score.octave.helper.M3UConstants
code/name/score/octave/views/BaselineGridTextView.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.BaselineGridTextView
code/name/score/octave/db/PlayCountDao_Impl.java
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlayCountDao_Impl
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$1
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$2
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$3
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$4
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$5
code/name/score/octave/model/lyrics/AbsSynchronizedLyrics.java
 code.name.score.octave.model.lyrics.AbsSynchronizedLyrics
code/name/score/octave/misc/LagTracker.java
 code.name.score.octave.misc.LagTracker
code/name/score/octave/providers/MusicPlaybackQueueStore.java
 code.name.score.octave.providers.MusicPlaybackQueueStore
code/name/score/octave/util/LyricUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.LyricUtil
code/name/score/octave/util/PlaylistsUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.PlaylistsUtil
code/name/score/octave/glide/UserProfileGlideRequest.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.UserProfileGlideRequest
 code.name.score.octave.glide.UserProfileGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 code.name.score.octave.glide.UserProfileGlideRequest$Builder
code/name/score/octave/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCoverUtils.java
 code.name.score.octave.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverUtils
code/name/score/octave/util/CalendarUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.CalendarUtil
code/name/score/octave/util/RetroUtil.java
 code.name.score.octave.util.RetroUtil
code/name/score/octave/views/SeekArc.java
 code.name.score.octave.views.SeekArc
 code.name.score.octave.views.SeekArc$OnSeekArcChangeListener
code/name/score/octave/adapter/base/MediaEntryViewHolder.java
 code.name.score.octave.adapter.base.MediaEntryViewHolder
code/name/score/octave/service/PlaybackHandler.java
 code.name.score.octave.service.PlaybackHandler
code/name/score/octave/db/PlaylistDao_Impl.java
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$1
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$10
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$11
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$12
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$13
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$14
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$15
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$16
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$17
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$18
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$19
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$2
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$20
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$3
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$4
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$5
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$6
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$7
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$8
 code.name.score.octave.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$9
code/name/score/octave/misc/CustomFragmentStatePagerAdapter.java
 code.name.score.octave.misc.CustomFragmentStatePagerAdapter
code/name/score/octave/activities/WhatsNewActivity.java
 code.name.score.octave.activities.WhatsNewActivity
